hello there and welcome along to the fin
tro Hockey World League semi-finals
it's quarterfinal time and it's the
Netherlands vs. India and privilege of
watching him next to us here is
Netherlands come in there look it's
getting on the goal what a tight angle
that was from bland ass inside the first
minute
but David Okuda is there as well it
comes boss's way she takes the slap
looking for the deflection go stall
bound took a little ding there to take
it past the goalkeeper a little not to I
think for Levi Belton that's a pretty
impressive conversion rate well you know
that's the hallmark of a number one team
in the world
here they come again another circle
penetration again just skipped over the
top there again another shot comes in in
this one was a good save again from
savvy that penalty call number three as
the match for them flick comes in and
hits the backboard boom shacka lacka van
Mar soccer with a third for the
Netherlands again coming in the first
minute of the second quarter this time
interception from for sure Paul Ford
again lovely take this time from
kettle's driving on over the 25
there's a chance here ran the keeper
another one it's a fourth this time
Janelle is our boat getting on the
scoresheet it is now Netherlands for
Indian ill it's vimar sakura again that
takes the flick again this one beats the
keeper just had too much pace on it that
time BAM our sake getting a second of
the game and it's the Netherlands fit
Netherlands five Indian ill and they're
in coal savita way too this time for the
Netherlands again it's another flicker
no Nena's goldbam but it was a low save
to the right this time for the keeper
for sure we'll have the follow up try
and look for the foot there but being
hassled back and out of the D here is
boss with that slap go bad again looking
with inflection wrong side of the
backboard and it took a little
deflection there from Belton vana
steadies herself for the injection and
it comes Harman with the flick from the
head of the D and I could save this time
cleared off the line by Savita she
watched it all the way with that left
eye how often do you see that in hockey
players going off to that slightest
contact with the stick or the ball as
the Netherlands try for to get along the
baseline Savita comes out to the ball
scrapped all the way around well you
won't see a weird of gold on that little
by Belton gets a second goal of the day
here is the Netherlands six and somehow
this one creeps under the body of Savita
Mar soccer probably for a hat-trick here
or boss for the deflection once marsac
is way takes the flick the hitch number
one runner n goes in who got the final
touch here it's an der Vaart that's
getting the congratulations is it or van
massacre
will clear that one up yep looks like
Bomar Sackett celebrate
Patrick just inside the circle to finish
things up and there goes the buzzer for
the end of the game so the Netherlands
cruising through this quarterfinal
they've dispatched of India and they've
beaten them by seven goals - milk
high-fives all around in the Netherlands
camp they'll go on to face Australia now
in the semi finals in a couple of days
time